Could you please provide your name and your company name? 
What type of situation are you responding to for this callout?
How many employees are typically required for the callout?
Who do you call first?
Why?
How many devices do they have?
Which device do you call first? / Why?
What type of devices are you calling?
Is the next employee you call on the same list (or group of people) or a different list?
How many lists (groups) total do you use for this callout?
Are each of these lists based on Job Classification?
Are they based on some other attribute?
How do you call this list?
Straight down the list?
Skip around?
Skip around based on qualifications?
Skip around based on status of employees? (vacation, sick, etc…)
Other reasons for skipping around?
Are there any pauses while calling this list?
What happens when you don't get the required number of people?
Call a different list? / Is there any delay?
Call a different location? / Is there any delay?
Will you now offer this position to someone you wouldn't normally?
Will you consider the whole list again?
Will you call the whole list again?
Do you always do the above actions when you don't get the required number of people? Are there some times when you do them differently?
Is there any issue with calling the employees needed simultaneously?
Is there any issue with calling employees' devices simultaneously?
Can someone say "no, but call again if nobody else accepts"?
If someone says no on the first pass, are they called on the second pass?
Do the order of the lists ever change over time?
If so, when do they change?
How does the order of the lists change?
Does the content of the lists (employees on them) ever change over time?
If so, when do they change?
How do the content of the lists change?
If using OT to order employees on lists, what are your tie breakers?
First Tie breaker (Example: If two employees on the same list have the same number of OT hours, what is used to break the tie)
Second Tie Breaker
Third Tie Breaker
Would you ever email or text information to the employee about the callout?
Do you have rules that prevent someone from being called out before the start or after the end of their normal working shift?
Do you have any rules that would excuse (meaning doesn't count against them if they say no) if they declined a callout near a shift, vacation, or other schedule item?
